Updates from SEO report (#1003)
moonbeam-foundation/moonbeam-docs: tutorials/integrations/supra.md

> 2. Smart contracts are utilized for cryptographically verifying and writing the latest price data on-chain, where it lives on immutable ledgers, using [Supra's Pull contract](https://supra.com/docs/data-feeds/pull-model){target=\_blank}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Smart contracts are utilized for cryptographically verifying and writing the latest price data on-chain, where it lives on immutable ledgers, using [Supra's Pull contract](https://docs.supra.com/oracles/data-feeds/pull-oracle){target=\_blank}
```
